It is a lie that humans use only 10% of the brain
Psychiatrist Serizawa Shion no Kaba Channel human beings 5% of the brain
Or maybe I heard somewhere that 10% is only using a part
I'd think that a person is often the Tteyuu also paper to be this basis it was looking for me once
It is much less out do is I'd not find by ne recent interesting research there is a
ring
It is called a pet how many prefectures use it. It is a real brain metabolism
Do you have diagnostic imaging to measure with time ? There is research that we examined using it
It Is the Tteyuu site roughly brain It is Then there is activity
It's about 10% It's about 10% if you capture this moment now, but now
Another part is working when you look at the door different time zone
Different parts alternate with each other like this one part will work
is not it
Only about 10% of the end of it is the whole will see in a moment that I hope are working brain
It is not used, but the whole after all is used when it looks very in 10 minutes 1 hour
School that says
It is the usage of the brain that people are active, so we can say in a recent paper
So what's interesting is that the brain is only used 10% is so-called horse
is not it
There is one more interesting data, and the brain is
20% 30% If we can use it, we can demonstrate great ability
It though I was each other do not come even movies such Rikubesson supervision of Lucy
Can not do is the real has
Why and say when I in the case of the normal 10% and I'm Chan Chat key type pet
It's been working after about two percent of the neurons you want to add by
The brain's oxygen is consumed, but the brain is only 2% of the body weight
But
It accounts for 20% of the total reference consumption
we
It's consumes 20 percent because I I have smoked this much oxygen are turning blood
It consumes 20% of oxygen at 2% of activity of one body neuron.
If activity increased from 2% to 3%
It is said that it becomes lack of oxygen and loses consciousness
For example , double this
If you increase it to 40%, you will need 40% of the oxygen transferred, so you can not afford it at all
is not it
The brain is a huge amount of sound oxygen and post glucose
It's glucose, so it's going to waste this
Delicate it is to require an enormous amount of energy Kedomo is Taraii wore a bad head of fuel consumption
It is not an organ
So if you do this twice you have to double our heart, maybe blood flow
The
As I said earlier, the brains alternate
While acting in different parts of the other part alternate
While switching, that is how to reduce oxygen consumption
Because You used the taste Sanno that are using here it in the most senior active is the consumption of glucose
We are now active twice our no
It is already the world of movies that you can fully demonstrate your ability No. 2 The sound you are now yourself
I think it would be better to think about using the skills possessed by